{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 VCS Employee: Yes, it is. How can I assist you today? VCS Employee: Certainly. Our general department is open from 8 AM to 8 PM on weekdays, and from 10 AM to 5 PM on weekends. VCS Employee: We also have a pharmacy and a photo department. VCS Employee: The pharmacy and photo departments are open from 9 AM to 5 PM on weekdays. VCS Employee: You're welcome! If you have any other questions, feel free to call us during our operating hours. VCS Employee: Goodbye, have a great day! VCS Employee: Absolutely! We have a variety of sections including groceries, electronics, home essentials, beauty products, and more. What are you looking for today? VCS Employee: Yes, we have all of those. We offer a wide range of coffee makers, various yoga mats, and a selection of wireless headphones. VCS Employee: We're open from 8 AM to 8 PM on weekdays, and 10 AM to 5 PM on weekends. VCS Employee: Yes, we have a comprehensive grooming section. What specific product are you looking for? VCS Employee: Absolutely, we have a wide variety of razors. Are you looking for a particular brand? VCS Employee: Yes, we do! We have various models of Gillette razors, including the latest ones. VCS Employee: Our Gillette razors start as low as $5.99. We pride ourselves on offering competitive prices. VCS Employee: Yes, indeed! We have an extensive range of school supplies. This includes backpacks, notebooks, pens, pencils, binders, lunch kits, and even a variety of art supplies. VCS Employee: Certainly! For backpacks, we have brands like PackJourney and ShellHarbor. Our notebooks and binders are from well-known names such as Starry Note and Meedo. And for art supplies, we carry brands like CrayArt, as well as a variety of pens and pencils from brands like WriteWell and MarkerPro. VCS Employee: Our prices are very competitive. For instance, PackJourney backpacks start at just $29.99, and Starry Note notebooks are priced as low as $2.49. VCS Employee: We're excited to help you with your back-to-school shopping. If there's anything else you need, just let us know! VCS Employee: Yes, it is. How may I assist you? VCS Employee: I'm sorry, but our pharmacy is only open from 9 AM to 5 PM on weekdays. VCS Employee: I understand your frustration, and I apologize for any inconvenience. Our hours are set to align with typical business hours, and unfortunately, we're not open beyond those times. VCS Employee: I truly apologize for the inconvenience this causes. We try our best to serve our customers within the given hours. If there's anything else I can do to help within these constraints, please let me know. VCS Employee: I'm sorry to hear that you're disappointed. We value your feedback and will take it into consideration. If there's anything else we can assist you with, please feel free to call us during our operating hours. VCS Employee: Goodbye, and again, I'm sorry for any inconvenience. VCS Employee: Yes, we do have a pharmacy. How can I assist you today? VCS Employee: Our primary service is prescription refills. Unfortunately, we do not offer flu shots or blood pressure readings. VCS Employee: I apologize for any inconvenience. Our focus is on providing efficient prescription refill services. VCS Employee: I'm sorry we couldn't meet all your needs. If you have any prescriptions to fill, we're here to help. VCS Employee: Yes, we have a pharmacy. What can I do for you? VCS Employee: I\'92m sorry, but prescriptions can only be filled for the person they are prescribed to, and our process usually takes about 48 hours. VCS Employee: Our pharmacy operates from 9 AM to 5 PM on weekdays only, and we are closed on weekends. VCS Employee: I understand your frustration and I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. VCS Employee: Let me check that for you. May I have your name, please? ...Thank you. I\'92m looking it up now... Hmm, I\'92m having a bit of trouble locating your prescription in our system. VCS Employee: I apologize for this delay. Let me check again... Ah, here it is. It appears your prescription is still in process and not ready for pickup. VCS Employee: I'm deeply sorry for the delay and any stress this has caused. We\'92re doing our best to expedite the process. VCS Employee: I truly apologize for the inconvenience. We hope to resolve this quickly and regain your trust. Goodbye. VCS Employee: Of course! What would you like to know? VCS Employee: Certainly. Our photo department is open from 9 AM to 5 PM on weekdays. VCS Employee: I'm glad to hear that our hours are convenient for you. Is there anything else you need? VCS Employee: The photo department is closed on weekends, but our general department is open from 10 AM to 5 PM on weekends. VCS Employee: I'm pleased to know that. If there's anything specific you need, we're here to help during our weekday hours. VCS Employee: You're very welcome! We're here to assist whenever you need us. Have a wonderful day! VCS Employee: Goodbye! VCS Employee: Yes, it is! How can I help you today? VCS Employee: Absolutely, we can print any size, from small wallet photos to large posters. Standard 4x6 prints are just $0.15 each. VCS Employee: Yes, we strive to offer great value. And most orders can be completed in just 15 minutes. VCS Employee: No appointment necessary. We\'92re ready for walk-ins. VCS Employee: We're thrilled to hear that and can't wait to assist you. See you soon! VCS Employee: Yes, we specialize in passport and ID photos, meeting all required specifications. VCS Employee: No limits at all. We cover all standard sizes and specific requirements. VCS Employee: It's only $12.99 for a set, and we can have them ready in about 15 minutes. VCS Employee: Yes, we do require appointments for these photos to ensure quick service. VCS Employee: You're very welcome! We look forward to seeing you and providing excellent service. VCS Employee: Absolutely, we develop all types of film, regardless of size. VCS Employee: Film development starts at $5.99 and we can have it ready in just one day. VCS Employee: No need for an appointment, we accept walk-ins for film development. VCS Employee: We\'92re delighted to help and look forward to seeing you. Thank you for choosing our service!}